I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I'm not arguing, I'm just explaining why I'm right.
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
The only time to be positive you've got a clear path is when you're on the edge.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
I'm supposed to respect my elders, but it's getting harder and harder for me to find one now.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
I'm not 50, I'm 49.95 plus tax.
I'm not saying I hate you, what I'm saying is that you are literally the Monday of my life.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
If you think of a better fish pun, let minnow.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
I didn't say it was your fault, I'm just blaming you.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Some people hear voices. Some see invisible people. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
I always take life with a grain of salt, plus a slice of lemon, and a shot of tequila.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.